Really wanna talk about my recent status now. If you check out my GitHub profile page, you might notice that I have been extremely inactive lately, for the past one month. On Twitter the situation is similar. What happened to me? Well, of course I am going to school everyday now, but compared to one month ago when I am still active, the free time I have is still generally the same. I am so lost. About one month ago, when I just can't think of anything to build, I restarted gaming and just kept on going. I still read tech Twitter everyday, I still read the dev weeklies I subscribed to, but I am not actually coding. I started watching YouTube lazily and felt so bad about it. I am still enthusiastic about Rust, about Vim, but I'm just feeling depressed about the whole industry. It's the first time that I don't know where to start when I got an idea about something. I felt so hard to code. Or am I just too lazy? Probably. I open my terminal everyday, just pretending that I am doing some stuff everyday. I am kinda lying to myself that I still wanna code but I felt so bad about it. I don't know what I actually want. I stopped finding that 'Wow! It worked' feeling. I got nobody to work with, nobody to show my work to, nobody to talk to. I lost my appetite to code. Am I too lonely? I don't think so. I found that I can't focus on something or keep enthusiastic about something for a long period, even just 2 days. For example, I did some pixel art, some music production with FL Studio, but finally I just threw them away. For now, I am still feeling this way and I really need something to trigger myself. If you have any similar situation like this, I'll be thankful if you could tell me how you dealt with it.
